[FEAT] -  Sage Icon Library implementation (#7)
Kajabi/sage: libs/icons/scripts/readme.md

# Build and Development scripts

# Updating Icons

> The `src/svg` directory is where the icons are downloaded to. These are originally pulled from the Figma document, which is considered to be the the single source of truth. These images are not optimized as they just exported out of the editor. In order to get the latest svgs, you will need run `yarn run nx icons:update`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `src/svg` directory is where the icons are downloaded. These are pulled initially from the Figma document, considered the single source of truth. These images are not optimized, as they are just exported from the editor. To get the latest svgs, you will need to run `yarn run nx icons:update`.
```

# Figma Icon Configuration

> The `figma-icon-config.json` should be located in the root directory. If there isn't one there currently, you can follow the instructions below to create one. It is required in order to pull the icons from Figma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `figma-icon-config.json` should be located in the root directory. You can follow the instructions below to create one if there isn't one currently. The presence of this file is required to pull icons from Figma.
```

## Figma Export
In order to export icons you will need to follow the steps listed below.

### Creating a Figma access token
1. Navigate to [Figma](https://www.figma.com) and login with your credentials.

> 2. Click you Profile avatar and select 'Settings'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click your Profile avatar and select 'Settings'
```

  "ignoreFrames": ["_Countries", "Docs"]
}
```

#### Attributes
|name|type|required|env var|description|
|---|---|---|-----|---|
|figmaAccessToken|string|true|FIGMA_ACCESS_TOKEN|The Personal Access token that you have created in your account. See [above](#creating-a-figma-access-token). You can either set in the config or as environment variable, but one needs to be set.|
|figmaFileId|string|true|FIGMA_FILE_ID|The unique id for the file. This can be found in the url, when viewing the Figma file. e.g `https://www.figma.com/file/some-unique-id`. In the example this would be `some-unique-id`|
|branchName|string|false||Name of the branch|
|pageName|string|true||Name of the page the icons can be found|
|ouputPath|string|true||Location which the raw svgs should be saved|
|ignoreFrames|array|false||Name(s) of frames that may be located in the page you wish to ignore. If there is only one frame, please add it in array format e.g ['Frame to Ignore']

**NOTE**: The `figmaAccessToken` and `figmaFileId` can be set in either the configuration file or as an environment variable. The environment variable will take precedence over the configuration file.

# Building locally

> Once the latest svgs have been update, which would either be added, deleted, or modified in the `src/svg` directory, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the latest svgs have been updated, which would either be added, deleted, or modified in the `src/svg` directory, you can run:
```

```sh
  yarn run nx icons:build
```

> The `build` command will both download the latest icons from the figma document (see [Figma Icon Configuration](#figma-doc-configuration)), optimized all of the icons, and generate the files to be distributed. Once complete and successful all of the optimized svgs will be located in `dist/sage-icons/svg`, along with the `sage-icon` web component located in the `dist` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `build` command will download the latest icons from the Figma document (see [Figma Icon Configuration](#figma-doc-configuration)), optimize all of the icons, and generate the files to be distributed. Once complete and successful, all of the optimized svgs will be located in `dist/sage-icons/svg`, along with the `sage-icon` web component in the `dist` directory.
```
